dopemovie.io
There is information, you can
sign up for the newsletter...
Events and opportunities to...
hey!
...Get involved, so, Katie has a
rare form of melanoma...
All the money we raise towards
getting her to the States
for this really great
research...
You have reached... Owen.
Owen, it's me. I need to meet
with you as soon as possible.
Call me back, okay?
Hey, guys, let's get started.
We're picking up from the
trio....
I want to see the diagonal
phrase... Come on, honey.
Remember the notes from
Thursday, please.
From the unison section?
Exactly. I want you,
Lydia, and Luke here. Come on in.
All right, let's start there and
see how it goes.
Music.
Fuck!
Okay, let's stop that.
Sorry, sorry. I know it, I
just...
do you think we can go from the
beginning?
Just so I can get into it?
Yeah, yeah, let's do that.
- Can you find the beginning?
- Okay.
All right, first places.
- Katie?
- Yeah?
My mom wanted to give
this to you.
Oh, that is so sweet.
Yeah, she tried donating online,
but she just couldn't,
she's old.
No, this is great.
This is so nice.
I'll have to email her.
Okay.
Nice job today!
Thank you!
We good for Wednesday?
We added a new part to
our piece,
we'd love to hear what
you think!
Yeah, totally. Looking
forward to it!
I'll just sign a few things, and
then I'll be out of your way.
Oh, did you not get my message?
What do you mean?
Um, Emmy Schreiner
from the Jingwen... sorry.
I always trip on this, the
Jingwen Zhan Foundation...
flagged an issue with your
application.
Come on and sit down.
Oh, um, what's the issue?
She didn't receive copies of
your medical records.
Oh, I-I sent those over.
So when we last
met on September 14th,
you'd put in a request to have a
copy of your records
mailed to their offices,
correct?
Yeah, I did that.
- Well...
- Did they not get them?
- No.
- That's super weird.
Actually, this happens all
the time.
I-I had them sent in, I called
my doctor.
And the nurse said... or the
receptionist,
said that she would have them
sent in right away.
They already charged my
credit card.
Regardless, it's really
important that they
receive those files.
Okay, I'll just call them again.
Shouldn't be an issue.
Okay, great, because we're right
down to the wire now.
What do you mean?
Well, the submission deadline
is on Friday,
so all of your records and your
paperwork have to be in by then.
I-I just thought I was coming
in to sign for a cheque.
This money could really make a
difference for me, so...
I know,
and I'm not unsympathetic.
How many applicants are there?
Um, the numbers change
every year,
so I'm not exactly sure, but
there are usually a lot.
But they like you, Katie. I
thought you'd be great for this,
with your charity work, and the
impact you've had on campus.
When I heard about you, we
thought that you'd be great.
And I'm friendly with the
foundation,
and I think that you are a
shoe-in.
They really want to support you.
So just get your medical records
in order,
and we'll see to the rest.
Yeah, shouldn't be a problem.
- Hey.
Thanks for meeting me.
I don't have any Stemetil,
but I have Dexamethasone.
What's that?
It's a steroid to reduce brain
swelling, it was on your list.
- Okay, how much?
- Uh, $200.
It wasn't that expensive
last time.
This one is more expensive.
Well, I don't have that much.
- How much do you have?
- 80.
How about, um,
80 for the bottle?
What am I gonna do with just
the bottle?
I don't know,
fill it with Tic-Tacs.
I can give you 50 for the
bottle.
80. It has your name on it.
Let me see.
It's in the glove
compartment.
Just dump the pills in the bag.
You cool if I drop you here?
Uh, no, I need something else.
What?
I need a copy of my
medical record.
That's easy, you just
ask your doctor to...
No, I need to make some
changes to it.
Do you have the originals?
No.
You need them from scratch?
Yeah, I need ones made.
You need faked medical records.
Yeah...
Can you do that?
Photoshop them or something.
No, I need them to be authentic,
why can't you do it?
I work in a lab.
Fuck...
Do you know someone who can?
Maybe. I have this old roommate.
He was a year ahead of me.
He's got things for me in the
past, but...
Um, I don't know about this.
You'll ask him?
I might be able to talk him into
it if you can guarantee
a thousand or two.
I can get a thousand.
I mean, two thousand
would be better.
He sends money home to his mom,
she's paralyzed or something.
I don't know, she's expensive.
So I can try and play...
I can only do a thousand.
Well, I mean, let me
talk to him.
I wrote down some details about
my diagnosis.
Okay.
You know, he's, um, he's gonna
have to know your name, right?
- Yeah.
- All right.
Hey, sweetheart.
Hey, how are you doing?
Good.
Veronica said the tickets are
selling really well.
Yeah, she was texting me.
Awesome. How's, uh... how is
studying going?
I don't want to talk
about it.
Do you want to come over for
a study break?
Yeah, I'd love that. I'll see
you soon.
Okay, bye.
Can you talk to Veronica
about not having the View
article on the table?
You're the front page.
I know, but she misquoted
me a bunch,
and I sound like a dumbass.
You don't sound like a dumbass.
Well, I don't sound smart.
It's a great picture of you.
It's an okay picture of me.
I'll tell her to keep it
off the table.
Thank you.
I just don't want to seem like a
bitch, you know.
There's really nothing wrong
with the article.
Did you find a dress for the
fundraiser? Yeah?
Yeah, I got one on Saturday.
Can I see it?
It's in there.
Looks good, right?
Yeah.
I think it's beautiful.
You can wear it on Friday.
What?
If you like it, wear it.
Well, what would you wear?
I'll find something else.
Try it with the heels in there.
Oh, shit! We got a donation!
How much?
A hundred!
From May and Ken Parsons.
2,545 now.
Do you know them?
I don't think so.
Your Seattle appointment is
really soon.
What do you mean?
There's only 12 days left, I'm
worried we won't make the goal.
We'll make it.
You're going no matter what.
I'm not taking money from you.
It's the same as last time.
We got the majority of our money
at the start and at the end.
Somebody named Owen.
Oh, yeah, thank you.
Hey.
Hey, I talked to my buddy.
Okay.
He'll do it.
Okay, when do I meet you?
No, you're gonna have to meet
with him.
Why do I have to meet with him?
I don't know, it's a pretty
complicated thing to do.
He said he could meet tomorrow
at noon.
Yeah, okay.
His name is Jabari.
What's his last name?
Why do you need it?
Just meet him.
I should know in case something
goes wrong.
Whatever, it's Jordan. Jabari
Jordan.
You can meet him by the
reception.
I mocked up the banners.
What?
For the fundraiser.
I want to see those.
Just let me get this off.
Who was that?
Oh, it was the
registrar's woman's assistant.
I got the scholarship.
Just now?
No, she told me in our meeting
today.
She said she really loves
everything
that you and I are doing.
Really? That's so good!
Yeah, he just needed my SIN
number.
Are you sure about the dress?
Excuse me?
Hello. Can I help you?
- I, uh...
- Do you have an appointment?
I'm...
Sorry, can you give me a moment?
I'm just... I'm meeting someone.
I'm actually looking
for Dr. Jordan.
Do you have an appointment?
We were supposed
to meet here.
I can check if he's in.
Thank you.
Just a moment.
What's your name?
Maria Bennett.
Yes, I have a Maria Bennett here
for Dr. Jordan.
No.
Okay.
I'm sorry, Dr. Jordan is not
available.
Okay, um, thank you.
Jabari?
I'm a friend of Owen's.
Can we talk?
Was that... was that you who
asked me for at reception?
I was waiting, and
you didn't show.
You shouldn't have
asked for me by name.
I had no choice.
Owen said you'd
meet me at noon.
I got pulled into a meeting.
This won't take a lot of
your time. Owen said...
Owen shouldn't have
spoken for me.
Okay. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to
freak you out.
This will be quick.
Your name's Maria?
Katherine. Katie.
Reception said your
name was Maria.
That's what I told her.
You don't need...
Look, Katherine, I'm, uh...
I'm not gonna do this for you.
Owen said you've
done this before.
Owen said that I forged
medical documents?
He said...
He said that you'd help me.
Well, he shouldn't
have said that.
I looked you up online.
And I saw your fundraising page.
And... I don't want to
know what you're doing.
I don't want to
be a part of it.
So you can tell that to
Owen, and leave me alone.
Owen said that you send
money home to your mom.
I'll give $1,000
if you do this.
I'm not doing anything wrong.
$3,000.
I don't have that much.
Well... I don't do less.
You understand?
It's not worth the risk to me
for any less.
I could lose my licence, I could
get thrown out of my program.
And... I know about you now.
Okay.
$2,000.
Thanks.
- Hey.
Hey...
You haven't seen the place
in awhile.
Yeah, it's still blue.
We're paving a drag strip
on the west side of the oval in
November.
That's great, Dad.
Oh, you know, I saw... I saw this
really cool video
someone put up on Facebook of
you dancing.
Oh, yeah! Yeah, Jennifer
put that up.
Jennifer is a friend?
She's my girlfriend.
Ah, right.
So you're...
you're good to dance?
I mean, it doesn't hurt or
something?
Yeah, no. I mean, I get tired
faster,
but my teachers look out for me.
We're doing another show on
Friday, it's a fundraiser.
So it's like a... for charity,
or for you?
Uh, well, both.
We haven't partnered with
anyone yet,
but Jennifer is thinking we
could donate a portion
if we do really good.
So you're still...
You're not getting any better?
No.
Uh, but that's... that's why
I'm here.
I, uh, there's...
I found a place that
can help me.
Oh, yeah?
But it's really expensive.
Doesn't OHIP cover that?
Well, I'm trying this
new experimental treatment
in Seattle.
I'm in a test group, and they
scheduled me in,
but it's really expensive,
'cause it's in the States.
How'd you find the place?
Jennifer's parents give to a
bunch of charities,
and they put me in touch
with someone,
or hooked me up with a
team there.
They're trying this new
treatment called immunotherapy.
So why are you coming to me?
They can't pay for it?
Uh, I mean, they've already done
so much for me.
I don't want to ask them
for more.
When is it?
It's, uh, January.
How much do you need?
It's $2,000, but OHIP won't
cover it.
That's not so much for that kind
of thing.
It's to cover the consultation,
and flights,
and hotels and stuff. I'd have
to go back down again
for the actual treatment if I
qualify.
I'm not looking for a handout,
there's bursaries
for students like me, so...
Bursaries, like a scholarship?
So... are you working?
Do you still have a job?
I mean...
No, I had to quit right before
my first round of chemo.
The deadline is Friday and I can
pay you back then.
How much is it?
It's $2,000, Dad.
Can I ask you something?
Uh, you're not going to like
this, but I want to know
if you're in some kind of
trouble, like you were before.
What?
I know I'm not always so good
at knowing how to handle
these things, but...
I don't think money is the way
to help you.
I'm not well, and this place
could actually save me.
I wouldn't be here asking you if
it wasn't really important.
Here's the thing. Susan and I
remortgaged the place.
And we consolidated our debt,
which we've been meaning to do
for a really long time,
so... no, I can't loan you the
money.
And frankly, I'm not sure I
would if I had it.
What do you mean?
I don't believe you.
Okay...
We don't have to do this again.
I'm just asking you for
something simple.
And you're calling me a liar,
so...
I don't think you have cancer.
Of course I do.
Do you realize what you're
saying?
Yeah, I really do.
Jesus, what the fuck is wrong
with you?
What the fuck is wrong
with you?!
You are such a fucking loser,
you know that?
I know you don't have cancer
and you're lying,
just like in high school.
I'm sick, Dad.
You should be one of the people
helping me fight,
not making me worse!
You're gonna have to tell
these people
if you're taking
money from them.
You're going to have to take all
that online stuff down.
You are going to get into
trouble.
I thought that you would feel
guilty enough about Mom
that you wouldn't want to take
that chance again.
You lying to Jessica too?
- Who is Jessica?
- I mean Jennifer.
Katie?
Katie! You were asleep.
Oh, sorry.
Have you been
waiting long?
No, I was just feeling a little
light-headed.
Okay. Do you want to get
something?
We can go somewhere else.
Not hungry.
Did you take your pills today?
Oh, not yet.
I'm happy you texted.
I didn't think I was going
to see you today.
- Is this them?
- Yeah.
You don't look so bad.
Chemo was this morning, right?
I know you said you don't want
me there,
but I have decided that I should
start coming with you.
They wouldn't let me.
What do you mean?
My red blood cells are
too low, so...
they pushed my session
to next week.
Is that a bad thing?
Well, I had to do an MRI.
I had a seizure, or at least
they think I did.
- What? When?
- Last week, I think.
I was at home.
I've been throwing up every
morning.
Isn't that because of the chemo?
It's hard to say.
How would you not know that?
They think the melanoma may have
metastasized to my brain.
They don't know for sure,
but they said they'd have
the results tomorrow.
I need to call my Mum.
No, please don't.
Seattle can move up my
appointment
if the results are bad.
God, I wish I was there.
I don't have the money yet, Jen.
That's fine. I'll transfer it to
you. How much do you need?
$2,000 for the flight and two
night's stay.
Okay, are you sure that's
enough?
I'll pay you back, I promise.
I'll send it right now.
I need cash, actually. My debit
is overdrawn,
and so anything that goes into
the account
will just pay off the balance.
Okay.
I have a fucking withdrawal
limit of $500 a day.
Can you call them?
See if they'll let you take
out the rest?
Yeah, sure.
Thanks.
Yeah, it's 2459...
9017...
8890... 2425.
Jennifer Ellis.
Uh, yeah, it's July 7th, 1994.
Thank you, yeah. I need to take
out $2,000 today,
and the machine is telling me
that I have a withdrawal limit
of $500 a day,
and so I would like to
temporarily lift that.
No, I understand, I just need to
up it for right now.
Okay, sure.
Okay, thank you.
We need to find a bank.
Wouldn't it just be easier for
me to book you a ticket
on my credit card?
- Probably.
- Yeah, good.
You wanna come to mine tonight?
Yeah, but I want
to go home first.
Sure.
Okay, come over later and I'll
book you a ticket then.
And I'm gonna tell my Mum
and Adam
that you're not going to make
dinner tomorrow night.
Kadisha actually already booked
me a ticket.
I just need to pay her back.
Why didn't you come to me first?
I didn't mean... you're right,
I'm sorry.
I was totally out of it, and
she was just there.
I'm sorry. I know I'm not
handling this very well.
So couldn't I just email Kadisha
the money, then?
No, 'cause I already feel bad
about borrowing from her,
and I don't really want
her to know
that I borrowed from you
to pay her back.
I know I made things really
complicated,
but can we just take out the
money tomorrow?
Yeah, okay.
Your surname?
Arneson.
Given name.
- Uh, Katherine.
- With a C or a K?
With a K.
Date of birth.
March 2nd, 1995.
I don't eat.
Come on...
Sex, female. Marital status,
single?
I have a partner.
Do you need to
know their name?
- Are you married?
- No.
Okay, you've got
married, widowed,
separated, divorced,
single. You're single.
Where were you born?
Flamborough.
- Occupation?
- Student.
- Nationality?
- Canadian.
Address.
732 Gibson Ave, Hamilton,
Ontario.
L8L 6K4.
Cool.
What do people think you have?
Cancer.
Yeah, I mean, what kind?
Melanoma.
Okay. When were you diagnosed?
I'm saying about ten months ago.
Ten months ago you told people?
Yeah, I'm saying I had it
removed in March,
and then I've been in two rounds
of chemotherapy since then.
And then I'm doing immunotherapy
in Seattle in January.
You said you had the tumour
surgically removed?
Yeah, I have a scar.
What do you mean?
I have a soccer scar from when I
was little.
I tell people that's from when
they removed it.
Okay.
What type of melanoma do people
think you have?
What type?
There are different types.
There's superficial spreading,
nodular, lentigo malignant.
- That's never been a thing.
- Okay.
Just... make something up,
whatever you write
is what I have.
Okay, so you... you had a biopsy
in January,
had it removed in March, and
you're what,
saying you're in chemo now?
Yeah.
You're on your second round,
you've already done two?
I'm doing it now. I've been
going once a week
for three months now.
No, no, that's not how...
you probably wouldn't go that
frequently.
It would probably make sense for
you to have something like
one, maybe five days on,
followed by three weeks off.
But no chemo regime is weekly.
We won't find anyone with a
schedule like that.
Everyone knows I go once a week.
Well, that wouldn't make sense.
We need test results and
doctor's notes,
so we need to find someone with
a similar diagnosis
and timeline.
So I have 500 bucks.
Are you kidding?
The bank has a limit, the
machine has a withdrawal limit.
I-I couldn't take
it all out today.
And?
And I could only
take out so much.
You said you had $2,000.
I'll... I'll, uh, I'll give you
this now,
and I'll bring you the rest
tomorrow.
I'll go to the bank as soon as
it opens,
and I'll go to a teller, and
I'll get it.
The bank was closed by the time
I got there,
that's why I had to use a
machine.
Okay, well... I'm gonna
take the $500.
But I'm gonna keep the records
until you give me the remaining
$1,500, if you can get it.
I can. I already explained
that to you.
I have the money.
Please just let me take them
and I promise I'll pay you
tomorrow.
I start my shift at 11.
Text me when you're here.
You have one new voice message.
To play your messages,
press one.
To record a message...
Hi,
Jennifer, this is Doug Arneson.
I'm Katherine's father.
Sorry to call you like this,
but I couldn't think of
anything else to do
at this point.
I could use your help.
Would you call me back?
Okay, thank you. Bye.
To replay this
message, press one.
To pause during message
playback, press two.
To fast forward a message
during playing, press three.
To hear this message and the
time it was delivered,
press five.
To copy this message to another
person, press six.
To delete this message and go
to the next,
press seven. To...
Message deleted.
You're snoring.
Sorry...
Just go back to sleep.
Now I'm awake.
Hey. I'll pay you back
as soon as I can.
Don't worry about
that right now.
And I'll see you later for
dinner if I can make it.
- Bye.
You have reached...
Jabari Jordan.
Jabari, it's Katie. I'm here
outside.
I'm ready, I've got it. Call me
back, okay?
Hey, Jabari.
Hey, it's Kadisha, we're all here.
Can you still do it?
Uh... sorry, um, I'm
running late.
You guys should start rehearsing
without me.
All right, see you soon.
Okay.
Hi, I have an appointment with
Dr. Jordan.
Uh... can you hang on a moment?
- What's your name?
- Katherine Arneson.
Yeah, there's a Katherine
Arnson here.
- Arneson.
- Katherine Arneson.
She says she has an appointment
with Dr. Jordan.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Sure. Sure, I'll check.
Just one moment.
Sorry, we don't seem to have you
on his patient list.
Sorry?
Are you a new patient?
Yes.
Dr. Jordan's had to take a leave
of absence.
We're transferring all of his
patients to other residents.
What?
Well, you said you had an
appointment?
I, um, I must have gotten the
days mixed up.
Well, let me just get your
information,
and then we'll get you
reassigned and rescheduled
- just as soon as possible.
- Is he okay?
He had a family emergency.
I think he caught a flight out
this morning.
To where?
I'm sorry, I can't
disclose that,
but if you give me your
information...
Yeah, sure, can you just
give me a moment?
Sure.
You have reached...
Jabari Jordan.
Where are you? Answer your
phone, it's Katie. I'm here.
You fucking asshole.
You fucked me.
I'm here. I have the money.
Where are you?
Fuck your family emergency!
I hate you! You're a liar.
I hope your mother dies, you
worthless fuck.
Miss Arneson, hi. I'm Dr. Platt.
Mary tells me that you had an
appointment with Dr. Jordan?
Oh, if now is a bad time
I can come back.
Not at all, we're just
trying to sort a few things out.
I'm one of Dr. Jordan's
supervisors.
Would you come with me to my
office?
Uh, you know what, I'm actually
just in a bit of a rush.
Of course.
Could you tell me about the
nature of your appointment?
Uh...
I'm sorry to ask such
an indelicate question,
it's just that Dr. Jordan won't
be seeing his patients
for a while, and we're trying to
sort out what we missed.
Where is he?
He's gone home. His mother
passed away early this morning,
and he's taking a
leave of absence.
We're giving him as
much time as he needs.
I'm sure you understand.
You know what?
I'm gonna get you
to leave your name
with Mary at the front desk,
and we're going to have her
reschedule your appointment
as soon as possible with
another member of your team.
I was just picking something up.
Sorry?
There's an envelope with my
medical records in it
that Dr. Jordan had for me, I
was just picking that up.
Oh, I could check that for you.
Come with me.
Just wait here one moment.
Okay.
Found it! I just need to see a
piece of ID.
Of course.
Great. Just confirm your
information with Mary,
and we'll get you in to see
someone as soon as possible.
- Okay.
- All right.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Hi, this is for Miss Stansfield.
Yeah, she's actually across
campus in a meeting,
but you can leave it with me,
and I'll see she gets it.
She said I needed to mail it by
the end of today.
Oh, yeah. You're right, she left
me instructions
- on where to send it.
- Okay.
And you have two copies in here?
Uh, no, just the one.
There aren't duplicates in here?
No, just one. Is that a problem.
Okay, we're gonna need
duplicates.
Hello!
- Oh, hi, Katie!
- Hi!
Shanah Tovah!
Look at that!
Sha-nah To-vah!
Sorry.
- Hi, Katie.
- Hi!
How are you doing?
I'm great, I'm really great.
Katie, this is my brother, Sam.
- Hi!
- Hi, Katie.
Great to finally meet you.
Yeah, so nice to meet you, too.
And this is Isaac.
Hi, Isaac!
Hi.
Nice to meet
you, I'm Katie.
What you building?
A staircase that goes up and
then back down.
Cute.
So I got my test results today.
And?
They were negative. They didn't
find anything wrong.
Oh my God.
But what about the seizure?
Uh, they don't know about that
yet, but they think it's fine.
I'm so relieved.
I've been stressing all day, you
have no idea.
I've been feeling so much better
today.
I was really down all week, and
I didn't tell you...
but I actually think... I'm
gonna win this.
Come here.
Guys, we got some amazing news
tonight.
We are destroying this cancer
with all of you.
See you Friday.
Jennifer said you
guys have been fasting?
It's just Sam and me.
Yeah,
Isaac's a bit too little for that.
Right, and Jennifer
doesn't do it either, yeah?
No, Nola and Jennifer don't.
Why?
Well, we do some of the Jewish
things with them,
but fasting is too much for me.
Yeah, why do you do it?
It's the day of atonement.
In the days leading
up to Rosh Hashanah,
God inscribes all of our names
into the book of life.
On Yom Kippur, these judgements
are sealed,
so this day is kinda like, um,
it's like a last appeal,
like a last chance to change
that judgement,
to demonstrate your repentance
and make amends.
Come here, hey, do you want to
give him the...
Oh yeah, Sam, I brought a
present for Isaac.
- Is it okay if I...
- Of course!
It's just right behind you, can
you grab it?
- Sure, yeah.
- Thanks.
- Exciting!
- Here you go.
Are you going
to open it?
Come on, rip it open!
Yeah! Do you want some help?
Oh, it's a book!
Yeah,
I heard you like dinosaurs,
so it's about a panda and
a parrot
who see dinosaurs in the clouds.
Wow!
He's even holding a dinosaur!
Mm-hm! That looks fun!
What do you say, Isaac?
- Thank you!
- You're welcome, buddy.
Maybe Katie will read
it with you after dinner.
I'd love to.
Oh, Jennifer,
can you just help me in the kitchen?
Okay.
Do you need any help?
No, it's okay.
Sorry, love.
That's pretty cool, huh?
Oh!
Hey, where are you going?
Here, Isaac, Isaac, Isaac! Take
a seat here.
We'll look at this for a second.
Oh, this looks like a great
book!
Yeah, I really like the artwork.
Hey, Isaac?
What's your... what's your
favourite dinosaur?
Um... brontosaurus, probably.
Mm, they are pretty cool!
Maybe it's an eagle but
they didn't have the right paint
so they just painted an orange?
That looks like a boot.
Excuse me.
You have reached...
Doug Arneson.
Please leave your message
after the...
Hey... want to read your book?
Okay.
Let's go back to the beginning.
Is that it? Yeah. Okay.
Panda loved to draw, dance, and
play music.
See him there?
Panda enjoyed reading, building,
and solving puzzles.
One day, Panda wanted to dance,
and Parrot wanted to
put the finishing touches
on a castle.
But parrot couldn't concentrate
with Panda's loud music,
and Panda got bored of
dancing alone.
Hey, you guys.
We're going to wash up, okay, Isaac?
- Okay.
- Almost time to eat!
Finish the book after
dinner, okay?
Yeah.
Come on. Come on, buddy.
You okay?
What's wrong?
Um, I think I'm just gonna go.
Are you feeling okay?
Yeah, I'm... I'm just gonna
go home.
Do you want to go to my place?
I can come with you.
I'm really sorry, I think I
just...
pushed myself too hard,
and I'm gonna go back to my
apartment
and go straight to bed.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
Okay, sure.
Do you love me?
Yes.
Guys, Katie's gonna head.
Thank you so much for having me.
Oh no, is everything all right?
Oh, she just has an early
rehearsal tomorrow.
I just, um, I pushed myself too
much, but I'm fine.
Really, I just need a good
night's sleep.
I haven't really been...
Well, I'm so glad that you could
drop by for a bit.
But we'll see you Friday night,
right?
For sure.
Can I drive you home?
Oh, no, that's very kind, but
I'll just get going, okay?
Oh, I'm sorry. It was great
meeting you.
Yeah, you as well. Nice meeting
you, Isaac.
Can we give you
some food to take home?
- No, I-I'm okay.
- Are you sure?
Yeah, no thank you, I'm fine.
Have a good night.
I hope rehearsal goes well, and
we will see you Friday.
Good night, Katie.
Bye!
Bye.
Okay, well,
there's still a lot of food...
Call me if you need anything.
Yeah, I will. Okay.
Please take it down.
No.
Please, Dad...
I hated my life before I got
cancer.
I asked you to do
something about this.
Then let me do it my way.
Please....
I can get better.
Come home and stay
with me and Susan for awhile.
I know someone who knows
a lawyer,
and I think you should
talk to him.
No, you're not listening
to me.
I know a better way to end this.
No.
It's too late for that, Katie.
Hi.
Katie,
what the hell is going on?
You saw the post?
Are you all right?
I'm okay.
It's not true, right?
Of course not.
All right, come.
Why would he post that?
I guess he believes it.
He has this, like, disorder.
Delusional something or other.
I haven't spoken to him since
first year,
but he wanted to come to one of
my appointments a few weeks ago
and he just ended up asking me
for money.
And he threatened to...
he accused me of a bunch of
shit, it was scary.
Wow.
Is your mom home?
Uh, yeah, she's just working,
but I can...
Can I talk to her?
I just wanna do something
quickly,
I think I should sue him for
defamation.
Okay, yeah.
Um... I'll go get her.
Well, I told her everything that
was going on, so she knows,
but I'm sure she'll do anything
she can to help.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Okay, I'll be right back.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
Hi, Katie.
Hi!
I'm sorry to hear what's
happened.
Thank you for your donation
the other day.
Oh, you're welcome.
I'm gonna go finish my paper
so come find me
when you're done talking.
Be in my room, okay?
Okay.
So Kadisha told me what
happened.
I just... want to know
what my options are.
Kadisha said you were
considering suing your father.
Yeah, for what he said.
Did he say something publicly
or was it just the
one Facebook post?
Just the post.
Okay.
But he posted on the
event page for my fundraiser...
I'm sure everybody's seen
it by now.
Right. Well, I can...
try to, sort of, outline
things for you
as best as I can, but before we
go any further,
I need to make it clear, I
couldn't act as your lawyer.
I'm not a litigator, so it
wouldn't make sense
for me to take on your case,
when, or if, it makes it
into the courts.
But I can recommend somebody,
okay? If that happens.
So you can't sue him?
No, I'm in tax law, but I can
give you a name.
I just... I want to know what
I can do,
and I want the post deleted.
Have you had any sort of contact
with your father recently?
No...
I mean, he follows me on social media
and he sees what I'm posting,
that I'm making a difference
and I'm raising money...
He's always been very jealous
of any success I've had.
All right, well, there are a few
different strategies.
I mean, you could sue.
But there are a few things you
need to determine first.
One, I would make sure and take
a picture of that post
in case it gets removed.
You want to account for
its existence,
prove that it was published.
Uh, two, you're going to need
evidence that his statement
was false, so possibly
contacting your doctor
and having them provide records.
Do you think it's a possibility
that you could call your father?
I can't...
Because another option
is to speak with him, have him
retract the statement,
and then make a public apology.
No, I want to sue.
Sorry, can I see the post again?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, it's still up.
Hm, it's good for you, though.
"She is faking cancer.
"The money she is raising is for
herself, not for charities."
He's stating it as fact.
Are you doing okay?
Yeah, I'm just upset.
Do you have any idea why he
would say
you're faking your illness?
To stop my fundraising campaign?
Is there any truth
to what he said?
No.
Okay.
After my mom killed herself, I
pretended to be sick for a while
so that I wouldn't have to
go to school.
That was in high school?
Yeah.
Okay.
Could I have gotten in trouble
for that?
No, no, I don't think so, I
mean...
Not for that, not legally.
So it's not a crime.
You faked an illness to skip
some school
during an incredibly traumatic
time in your life.
I want to ask... what would
be the case
if that would happen again?
If you faked an illness?
If...
Yeah.
Well, that would depend on a
number of factors, the...
How much money have you raised?
About $3,000.
No, not just the campaign you're
doing now.
In total, from earlier
fundraisers.
How much, Katie?
Well, does it really make a
difference how much?
Did you raise over $5,000?
Yes.
How much? Give me a ballpark.
About $24,000. About that.
Defrauding the public or persons
exceeding $5,000
is an indictable offense.
What does that mean?
It means the
possibility of jail time.
So if you were faking an illness
and taking money,
or running those fundraising
campaigns for personal gain,
then yes, it is a crime.
Can you return the money, Katie?
No...
- Why not?
- It's gone.
I'm going to give you the name
of a friend of mine.
David Loman.
You can call his office
in the morning
and tell them I sent you.
I'd like you to leave now,
please.
I don't want you speaking to
Kadisha.
(chattering indistinctly
Hi, I was just wondering if
Julia is in?
I was in yesterday and I dropped
off some documents with you.
She is, um, she's in a meeting,
but, uh... hold tight,
she'll want to see you,
so just take a seat.
It will just be a moment.
Okay.
Do you recognize me?
What? No, why would I?
Katie.
Hi.
Uh, this is Professor Harney.
Hi, Katie.
Uh, yeah, I've met you once.
Yes, I remember, you're
hard to forget.
It's good that you came, we
wanted to talk to you.
Can we go into the board room?
Uh, the lady was just grabbing
me a glass of water,
I was gonna grab...
Oh, Rose can bring it in.
Oh, I just need to take my
medication.
- Okay.
- She was gonna, um...
She was gonna ask you about
those copies
of my medical records.
Um, we're actually going to have
to press pause on that
for the time being.
I've already spoken with them
and they understand
that there are a few things
that we need to sort out
on our end.
We've pulled your application.
No, that's a mistake.
You could possibly reapply
next year,
but it would be good for us to
go over some things now.
Yeah. Guys, why don't we take it
into the boardroom.
Yeah. Come on.
- That way.
- Okay.
So come on in.
I don't have to be here...
What?
You're gonna do what you
have to do,
and I'm gonna do what
I have to do.
Come on, guys. This...
Yeah, Katie,
can you just come in and sit down
and we can talk?
You okay?
Wait, what are you doing?
Katie? Katie?
Katie!
Give it to me!
What'd he say?
You can... you can go in.
How much will it cost?
I don't know, he didn't say.
How much for you?
I don't worry about that.
You know, just, um, don't
bug this guy
with all your questions.
He's a... just be careful
with him, okay?
Okay.
Oh, what, um, what did you tell
your girlfriend?
Nothing yet.
Will you wait for me?
Yeah.
Aside from the baldness,
you don't look that sick.
I don't eat a lot... and
I buy pills.
I act like I'm tired all
the time.
Do you have any actual medical
proof of your illness?
I have a scar on
my arm that I tell people
is from when they took the
tumour out,
and I've had some records made
for a school bursary.
What are you looking for?
I'm looking for something I can
use. Take your jacket off.
You make 'em yourself?
No a medical resident I met
through Owen helped me.
Do you have a physician?
Not really.
My old family doctor,
but I haven't seen him in years.
I'm going to act as your doctor
going forward.
I'll write you a doctor's note
you can show people,
post online, whatever you want.
can I get that today?
We'll discuss that. Take your
sweater off too.
I can also build you a patient
history.
This will support your cancer
diagnosis
and your treatment timeline.
Is this the scar?
Yeah.
Stand on the scale over here.
Ideally that will cover
everything up to now
and whatever you want going
forward.
How long will it take?
Awhile, but we can start with
the note,
and any other immediate needs.
Have a seat.
I'm gonna give you an injection
of Saxenda.
It's a weight loss drug, usually
used for diabetes.
It will change your mood
a little.
You'll feel a little more
tender.
You'll look more sickly
and weak.
You can tell people that
your doctor
upped your steroid dosage.
It's gonna feel like somebody
punched you hard,
but that will pass.
I'll need to see your insurance
information.
Okay.
I'm gonna start by having you
filing claims
for Dexamethasone and
Hydromorphone.
My rate starts at $8,000.
That covers establishing your
history,
prescriptions, any statements I
have to make on your behalf.
After that, it's $750 for
every meeting.
Insurance will help cover
some of that.
We should meet as regularly
as possible,
but it will depend on how much
you can afford.
Today is gonna cost you $5,000
no matter what we do
because you're buying my
silence.
I'll wait to receive that, and
then I'll get started.
Can we work towards getting
me better?
You want to go into remission?
- Yes.
- How soon?
I don't know, um...
I have to figure that out.
Hey, babe.
Hey.
How long have you been here?
Just now.
I'm sorry. I should have
called you.
Where have you been?
I've been trying to figure
everything out.
I talked to a lawyer and I'm
going to sue my dad.
I tried to call you
a million times.
Why the hell didn't you
call me back?
I've been freaking out.
Everyone's just been.
And... and you just disappeared.
Is it true?
Do I need to show you proof
now too?
Why would your
dad say something like that?
He's a liar!
- What does he want?!
- I don't know.
Money!
So he's... he's... he's
blackmailing you?
That's why you needed my money.
No, no, that was for the flight.
Like I said.
Don't touch me.
I don't understand.
Why didn't you call me back?
I'm sorry, but...
you've been afraid of my
sickness
ever since we started dating.
What are you talking about?
You were sick when we
started dating.
And I've been scared every day
that you're gonna leave me.
Oh, that's just...
That's just your own
psychological bullshit.
Have you been lying to me
the whole time?
No, of course not.
I need you to believe me.
I do, if you tell me he's lying.
He's lying.
I really want to believe you.
Here, look.
My dad sent me that this
morning.
I told you what
he's really like.
They suspended your campaign.
What?
The page is down.
I reported his...
his post on Facebook.
It's still there.
They'll take it down. Just not
sure how quickly.
I know you're not telling me
everything.
Did you lie about it spreading?
No.
- Did you even have the MRI?
- Yes. Of course.
Do you want to see those
scans, too?
- I think so.
- Okay.
I'll get them for you.
Jenn, everything is going
to be okay.
I just don't understand why he
would say this?
- How is this possible?
- You're not listening to me.
Answer it.
I don't even know who it is.
Just fucking answer it!
Hello?
Hi,
this is Heather Shearer from CHPR.
Is this Katherine Arneson?
Uh, uh, yeah.
Hi, I'm calling to see if
you're available
to speak with Matt Nichols on
the morning show tomorrow
around 8:15am.
- On the radio?
- Yes.
We understand that you're a
student at McMaster
and yesterday some allegations
surfaced
about your cancer diagnosis.
Was it your father who did
the post?
- Yeah, he's lying.
- Right.
He's trying to hurt me.
I'm sorry to hear that.
We've been doing a few pieces
about social media shaming, and
Facebook, Twitter backlash,
and that sort of thing, and we
feel like your story
would fit right in to what
we've been doing.
Would you be interested in
coming on for a bit
and telling us your story?
Uh, yeah. Yeah, okay.
Great. Look, I'll have one of
my producers call you back
in about an hour or so and go
over the details,
timing, et cetera. Will you
still be up?
- Yeah, yeah, I'll be up.
- Okay, that's perfect.
It was great speaking with you,
Katherine.
Yeah, thank you so much.
- Okay, bye.
Jenn, that's crazy, this...
this woman, this producer,
from the Morning Show from CHPR,
they want me to be on their
show tomorrow.
They want me to tell my story
about my dad and everything.
Jenn?
This could be what we need to
prove that he's lying.
I need your help with what to
say and everything.
I'm not sure I can help you.
Are you going to leave me?
I don't want to...
I'll... I'll lie to you
right now!
I'll say that I'm not sick, if
that makes it easier.
I don't care, I will do anything
I can to keep you!
My dad has lied his whole life.
You know that.
I have never had a good thing
that he hasn't tried to take
from me.
Parents don't just do that to
their kids, I mean...
Your parents don't.
No, shit.... that... that's not
what I meant.
Do you think I chose this?
People look at me and stare,
and avoid me.
Nobody would choose this.
We spent so much time together.
How could I fake the tests and
the chemo and everything?
You were just so private.
It's not about that.
You are the first good thing to
come into my life
ever since my mom...
I have never been in a real
relationship before.
And I got scared that if you saw
what cancer was really like,
that you would leave me.
Maybe that was a mistake, I
don't know.
I don't want to be alone again.
I don't want to hurt you.
I'm so sorry.
No, it's not your fault.
Can I kiss you?
You believe me?
I wanted to all day.
How do we fix this?
We have to tell the truth.
They took it down.
Hm, what?
The Facebook
post is down.
- When?
- I don't know.
It was down when I got up, I
just saw it.
Told you.
I know.
Are you going to have a shower?
Uh-huh.
We don't have much time.
We're a little delayed, but
we're going to bring you in
- in probably five.
- Sounds great.
Do you need anything?
There's water, juice...
Oh no,
I think we're fine, thanks.
The bathroom is just down there,
and I'll come get you when
we're ready.
- Okay, thank you.
- Thank you.
This place is smaller than
I expected.
I want to be a part of
everything from now on, okay?
I want to be at your
appointments,
and just... be there to hold
your hand.
And just be there with you,
because I'm not afraid.
I might have been before, but
there's no point
unless we're together in
all of this.
Okay.
Will you marry me?
What?
I don't ever want to be
without you.
I'll tell you everything if
you say yes.
I won't lie, I promise.
I won't be sick anymore.
There's no point unless we're in
everything together, right?
Katie, we're ready for you.
Katie?
Mm-hm.
dopemovie.io